how much of this do you think it's
coronavirus and you know whatever's
going on with us and China how much of
this you think is China's saying you
know what screw you u.s. you're playing
this hardball with me I'm gonna come and
bull you in a whole different way that
you won't even pay attention to it
how much how much credibility do you
give to that 5% 1% I'm not going to
answer that question but I am going to
answer the question in a different way
because I'm Christian at heart and I
like to think that nobody would want to
kill people I will say this much and if
you're listening write it down in late
November word had already gotten off of
the mainland that there was a virus in
Wuhan on January the 15th the US trade
bill was signed phase 1 December the
15th excuse me December the 15th I had a
whole month off December the 15th six
weeks later the trade truce was signed
with an out clause a very clever out
clause that the Chinese made sure was in
there that said if there was any kind of
act of God pandemic then they didn't
have to make good on what they had
committed to buy from the United States
within days they announced the first
coronavirus so did the Chinese know damn
well that this thing was running around
the world for six weeks before they shut
down Wuhan yes they did is that criminal
yes it is does it deserve to go in front
of a world Tribune oh yes it does
because we know that it was the
unfettered travel that made this thing a
global phenomena it was impossible to
contain six weeks they knew but they
wanted that out clause and then they
under reported what happened in Wuhan
which a toddler could tell you based on
what happened in Italy based on what's
happened in Germany and in France and
now in the UK with Boris Johnson in the
ICU
there's no way in a city the size of New
York 11 million people that there were
so few cases it's impossible with
similar density to New York so the World
Health Organization should
held accountable for not holding China
accountable to providing good valid data
so that the rest of the world could
prepare for fewer people to die and
that's what you're talking about
to me these are equivalents to acts of
war on the part of China and then
equally whether you're talking about NPR
or Fox News most major media outlets on
both sides of the aisle came out and
reassured the United States that it was
just the flu within 24 hours of South
Korea's first case being reported the
United States first case was reported
and what we did was dither we sat on it
for six weeks and tried to reassure the
public that nothing was happening
somebody should be held accountable for
that because somebody in the United
States intelligence community has to
have known what was truly going on in
Wuhan we don't have a CIA for nothing
and yet we told Americans for six weeks
while South Korea was testing everybody
and shutting the country down that it
was just going to be the flu so there
are a lot of responsible bodies right
now that have taken us to the point
where we're at inside the country and in
China and they need to be held
accountable so you don't even have to
get on the discussion as to whether or
not that was this was a manufactured
virus and set upon the world you don't
even have to go that far if we find that
in future investigations then that needs
to be prosecuted but if we just
ascertain what is known and a known
hushed up secret that the Chinese knew
for six weeks about the virus before
saying anything on the global stage to
get a trade ill find somebody needs to
look into that because countless lives
have been lost
as a result
the damages are in the tens of trillion
dollars we're not talking about small
here if that's the case no we're not and
we're talking about people losing their
family members and we're talking about
trillions of we're talking about
suicides in the future we're talking
about economic hardship all of this
could have been mitigated had China been
honest and had the World Health
Organization made China accountable
because at first they said it's not it's
not anything to worry about one who
first came I wouldn't a whu-oh first
came out and said we don't need to stop
every let me ask you who do you who do
you trust the least you I ran Russia or
China China China's got more economic
power because of that or because they
don't have a free press and because we
can't really know what the hell is going
on over there well that's just a kicker
but you don't really know what's going
on in Iran either you had global
satellite images in Iran showing mass
graves Iran under report it the same and
you can't tell me that in the cold of
winter that Russia has as many cases as
it's reporting but at last check China
17% of global GDP they can throw more
money around than anybody else and you
just mentioned two of their allies by
the way so that's why I asked it away I
did and the largest contiguous land
border on the planet by the way between
Russia and China
[Music]